 Welcome to your Hubdoc Take-Home Skill Assessment! We hope you have at least a bit of fun.

Your task is to write a webscraper that performs the following tasks:
    a) Navigate to https://datatables.net/ by typing "datatables" into google search, and clicking on the correct result.
    b) You will find a table example with some data. Please fetch/extract data from table into array.
    In the array you will have objects. An object will be a row from the table. The object properties will be data from every table column.
    Hint: Many javascript scraping frameworks like Puppetteer and Nightmare implement a .evaluate which would allow you to use .map(function(){ // return object with data }).toArray() from Jquery.
    c) Please export the array as a CSV

    We're looking to see it work, obviously, but we're also looking at your coding style. Name things well. Try to make your code readable.
    Extra points if you use Nightmare.js or a Headless Chrome library like Puppeteer, and if you use Promises and async/await.

    If you are confused or intimidated, Don't Panic.
    We've provided some starter problems below that will help you scaffold your way up to the main assignment. We encourage you to do and submit them all, but we understand your time is valuable, and we won't think less of you if you only do the main	 assignment.


1.  Return ID of search input field from google.com page using javascript
2.  Return value of "title" attribute of search input from google.com using javascript


3.  Return value of "title" attribute of search input from google.com using jquery => not done


4.  a. Type manually "test" into search input at google.com
    b. Retrieve and save in a variable value of input search field
    c. Append the string " robot" the the variable from step b2
    d. Set input search field value to variable from previous step
3

5.  Click on Search Button using javascript


6.  a. Filter all search results and store them into an array variable
    b. Display all href attributes from array created at a.


7. Given the sample HTML:

    <div class='container'>
    <p>Hello</p>
    <p>World</p>
    <p>!!!</p>
    </div>
    Please select the second 'p' element based on tag name. You can use JQuery or native JS. Use the query selector (CSS Selectors).


8. The following code must be implemented with JS6. We have a class named 'Work'. In this class we need to declare a function. Create asynchronous function (You can choose the name of the function). The function will get 1 parameter. (nightmare).
    We assume that there are declared 3 function named (login,statement,fetch). The first and the second function will accept 1 parameter.
    In the function body:
    a). Functions that accept parameter need to be invoked with nightmare as parameter.
    b). Every function must be called in serial (Every function depend on the previous called function). The asynchronous function have a special keyword that you can use for it.
    c). In this class there is a method named 'success'. It accept one parameter 'message'. Please return this method with a message.


9. The following code must be implemented with Nightmare.js.
    a). Navigate to Google page.
    b). Search for 'W3Schools'.
    c). In the first result page navigate on each link and check if the title from the result is the same with the title on website page.
    Hint: You can use evaluate method from Nightmare and return data from the page. You can include bluebird.js -> Promise.each method to iterate serially.





